README.md, before:

<div align="center">
<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/61221866" align="center" height="200" width="200"/>
</div>

### <div align="center">I'm Galvarey, a full-time full-stack freelance developer 👨‍💻 working remotely </div>

<br/>  

### About Me

  - 🔭 I’m currently working as a Software Developer in Asuncion, Paraguay.
  - 😄 Specializing in video game development, but I enjoy working on a variety of projects.
  - 🌱 I’m currently learning Machine Learning and Big Data.
  - 💬 Ask me about anything.
  - ⚡ Fun fact: I Like Turtles.

### Learning Journey 🎮

- 🌱 I'm currently diving into the fascinating world of video game development.
- 🎯 Exploring game design principles, graphics programming, and interactive gameplay mechanics.
- 🚀 Excited to apply my skills to create immersive gaming experiences.

## My Recent Projects

### [Ettios Game](https://game.ettios.io)
- **Project Background:** Successfully reworked from scratch, leveraging resources from an old team. Completed in just 2 months.
- **Current Status:** Under a new team.
- **Game Description:** A blockchain game featuring a holders leaderboard, developed using NestJS.
- Collaboration with [Abel Matias Github](https://gitlab.com/abelmatiasf), [Abel Matias Gitlab](https://github.com/afranval) and [Sebastian Villamayor](https://gitlab.com/sebasxlr).
- **Technical Details:**
  - ShaderGraph
  - UIToolkit
  - Custom Tools for nft integration
  - Worldspace canvases in the main menu.
  - Player Customization.
  - TopDownEngine

### [ComparApp](https://comparar-app-front.vercel.app/)
- Working on a price comparator for local supermarkets.
- **Frontend:** Vue.js
- **Backend:** NestJS
- **Scrapper:** Scrapy
- **Database:** MongoDB
- Collaboration with [Abel Matias Github](https://gitlab.com/abelmatiasf), [Abel Matias Gitlab](https://github.com/afranval).
  
## My OS

<div align="center">

![Windows 11](https://img.shields.io/badge/Windows%2011-%230079d5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Windows%2011&logoColor=white)
![Kali](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kali-268BEE?style=for-the-badge&logo=kalilinux&logoColor=white)
![Ubuntu](https://img.shields.io/badge/Ubuntu-E95420?style=for-the-badge&logo=ubuntu&logoColor=white)
![Android](https://img.shields.io/badge/Android-3DDC84?style=for-the-badge&logo=android&logoColor=white)
![iOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/iOS-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=ios&logoColor=white)

</div>

</br>

## My Skill Set  

<table><tr><td valign="top" width="100%">

<div align="center">
<a href="https://unity.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/unity.png" alt="Unity" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/csharp-original.svg" alt="C#" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.python.org/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/python-original.svg" alt="Python" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://github.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="Git" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.docker.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/docker-original-wordmark.svg" alt="Docker" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/css3-original-wordmark.svg" alt="CSS3" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML5" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/html5-original-wordmark.svg" alt="HTML5" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.javascript.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/javascript-original.svg" alt="JavaScript" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.typescriptlang.org/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/typescript-original.svg" alt="TypeScript" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://nestjs.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/nestjs.svg" alt="NestJS" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://nextjs.org/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/nextjs.png" alt="NextJS" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://reactjs.org/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/react-original-wordmark.svg" alt="React" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://vuejs.org/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/vuejs-original-wordmark.svg" alt="Vue.js" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.tailwindcss.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/tailwindcss.svg" alt="Tailwind CSS" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.prisma.io/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/prisma.png" alt="Prisma" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/mongodb-original-wordmark.svg" alt="MongoDB" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.postgresql.org/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/postgresql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="PostgreSQL" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://keras.io/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/keras.png" alt="Keras" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://opencv.org/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/opencv-icon.svg" alt="OpenCV" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://flutter.dev/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/flutterio-icon.svg" alt="Flutter" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.android.com/intl/en_in/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/android-original-wordmark.svg" alt="Android" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://pytorch.org/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/pytorch-icon.svg" alt="pytorch" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.raspberrypi.org/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/raspberrypi.png" alt="Raspberry Pi" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.figma.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/figma-icon.svg" alt="Figma" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.blender.org/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/blender_community_badge_white.svg" alt="Blender" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.adobe.com/in/products/photoshop.html" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/photoshop-plain.svg" alt="Photoshop" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.adobe.com/in/products/illustrator.html" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/adobe_illustrator-icon.svg" alt="Illustrator" height="50" /></a> 
<a href="https://www.adobe.com/in/products/aftereffects.html" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/aftereffects.png" alt="After Effects" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.adobe.com/in/products/premiere.html" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/adobepremierepro.png" alt="Premiere Pro" height="50" /></a>
</div>

</td></tr></table>  

<br/>  

## Languages

<div align="center">
    
![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/c%23-%23239120.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=csharp&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
![Markdown](https://img.shields.io/badge/markdown-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=markdown&logoColor=white)
![Solidity](https://img.shields.io/badge/Solidity-%23363636.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=solidity&logoColor=white)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![YAML](https://img.shields.io/badge/yaml-%23ffffff.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=yaml&logoColor=151515)

</div>

<br/>

## Connect with me

<div align="center">

<a href="https://github.com/GalvareyPoco" target="_blank">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%2324292e.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white alt=github style="margin-bottom: 5px;" />
</a>
<a href="https://gitlab.com/GalvareyPoco" target="_blank">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/gitlab-330F63.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=gitlab&logoColor=white alt=gitlab style="margin-bottom: 5px;" />
</a>
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/GalvareyPoco" target="_blank">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%231E77B5.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white alt=linkedin style="margin-bottom: 5px;" />
</a>
<a href="https://twitter.com/GalvareyPoco" target="_blank">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/twitter-%2300acee.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white alt=twitter style="margin-bottom: 5px;" />
</a>

</div>

<br/>  

## Stats

<table><tr><td valign="middle" width="50%">

<img src="https://gitlab-readme-stats-tawny.vercel.app/api?username=GalvareyPoco&show_icons=true&theme=dark&count_private=true" style="width: 100%" align="center" />

</td><td valign="middle" width="50%">

<img src="https://github-readme-stats-phi-cyan-62.vercel.app/api?username=GalvareyPoco&show_icons=true&count_private=true&count_private=true&theme=dark&combine_remote_and_public=true&hide=stars" style="width: 100%" align="center"/>
<br/>

</td></tr></table>  

## Now Playing

<div align="center"><img src="https://spotify-github-profile.vercel.app/api/view?uid=guillermoraalv&cover_image=true&theme=default&show_offline=false&background_color=121212&interchange=false&bar_color_cover=true" />
</div>

<br/>  

<!--START_SECTION:waka-->
**🐱 My GitHub Data** 

> 📦 80.8 kB Used in GitHub's Storage 
 > 
> 🏆 18 Contributions in the Year 2024
 > 
> 💼 Opted to Hire
 > 
> 📜 8 Public Repositories 
 > 
> 🔑 6 Private Repositories 
 > 
**I'm an Early 🐤** 

```text
🌞 Morning                18 commits          ██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   09.33 % 
🌆 Daytime                110 commits         ██████████████░░░░░░░░░░░   56.99 % 
🌃 Evening                49 commits          ██████░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   25.39 % 
🌙 Night                  16 commits          ██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   08.29 % 
```
📅 **I'm Most Productive on Tuesday** 

```text
Monday                   35 commits          █████░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   18.13 % 
Tuesday                  54 commits          ███████░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   27.98 % 
Wednesday                38 commits          █████░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   19.69 % 
Thursday                 45 commits          ██████░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   23.32 % 
Friday                   18 commits          ██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   09.33 % 
Saturday                 0 commits           ░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   00.00 % 
Sunday                   3 commits           ░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   01.55 % 
```


📊 **This Week I Spent My Time On** 

```text
🕑︎ Time Zone: America/Asuncion

💬 Programming Languages: 
No Activity Tracked This Week

🔥 Editors: 
No Activity Tracked This Week

💻 Operating System: 
No Activity Tracked This Week
```

**I Mostly Code in C#** 

```text
C#                       6 repos             ██████████░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   40.00 % 
JavaScript               4 repos             ███████░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   26.67 % 
ShaderLab                1 repo              ██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   06.67 % 
HTML                     1 repo              ██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   06.67 % 
TypeScript               1 repo              ██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   06.67 % 
```

<div align="center">
    <img src=https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=GalvareyPoco&&style=flat-square align="center"/>
    <a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/galvareypo5" target="_blank" >
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-Buy%20Me%20A%20Coffee-orange.svg?style=flat-square&logo=buymeacoffee" align="center" />
    </a>
</div>

</br>

 Last Updated on 02/01/2024 21:42:41 UTC
<!--END_SECTION:waka-->

Commit message:

✨ added descriptions for impossiblegames and car'd

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/61221866" align="center" height="200" width="200"/>
</div>

### <div align="center">I'm Galvarey, a full-time full-stack freelance developer 👨‍💻 working remotely </div>

<br/>  

### About Me

  - 😄 Specializing in video game development, but I enjoy working on a variety of projects.
  - 🔭 I’m currently working as a Software Developer in Asuncion, Paraguay.
  - 🌱 I’m currently learning Machine Learning and Big Data.
  - 🌐 Self-hosting several tools used at [Impossible Games](https://impossiblegames.fun).
  - 💬 Ask me about anything.
  - ⚡ Fun fact: I Like Turtles.


### Learning Journey 🎮

- 🌱 I'm currently diving into the fascinating world of video game development.
- 🎯 Exploring game design principles, graphics programming, and interactive gameplay mechanics.
- 🚀 Excited to apply my skills to create immersive gaming experiences.

###  Code Wizard at [Impossible Games](https://impossiblegames.fun)

  
## My Recent Projects

### [Car'd](#)
- **Project Description:** Currently in development by [Impossible Games](https://impossiblegames.fun), Car'd is a card-based puzzle game featuring cars that move in grids.


### [ComparApp](https://comparar-app-front.vercel.app/)
- Working on a price comparator for local supermarkets.
- **Frontend:** Vue.js
- **Backend:** NestJS
- **Scrapper:** Scrapy
- **Database:** MongoDB
- Collaboration with [Abel Matias Github](https://gitlab.com/abelmatiasf), [Abel Matias Gitlab](https://github.com/afranval).
  
### [Ettios Game](https://game.ettios.io)
- **Project Background:** Successfully reworked from scratch by [Impossible Games](https://impossiblegames.fun), leveraging resources from an old team. Completed in just 2 months.
- **Current Status:** Under a new team.
- **Game Description:** A blockchain game featuring a holders leaderboard, developed using NestJS.
- Collaboration with [Abel Matias Github](https://gitlab.com/abelmatiasf), [Abel Matias Gitlab](https://github.com/afranval) and [Sebastian Villamayor](https://gitlab.com/sebasxlr).
- **Technical Details:**
  - ShaderGraph
  - UIToolkit
  - Custom Tools for nft integration
  - Worldspace canvases in the main menu.
  - Player Customization.
  - TopDownEngine

## My OS

<div align="center">

![Windows 11](https://img.shields.io/badge/Windows%2011-%230079d5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Windows%2011&logoColor=white)
![Kali](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kali-268BEE?style=for-the-badge&logo=kalilinux&logoColor=white)
![Ubuntu](https://img.shields.io/badge/Ubuntu-E95420?style=for-the-badge&logo=ubuntu&logoColor=white)
![Android](https://img.shields.io/badge/Android-3DDC84?style=for-the-badge&logo=android&logoColor=white)
![iOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/iOS-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=ios&logoColor=white)

</div>

</br>

## My Skill Set  

<table><tr><td valign="top" width="100%">

<div align="center">
<a href="https://unity.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/unity.png" alt="Unity" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/csharp-original.svg" alt="C#" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.python.org/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/python-original.svg" alt="Python" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://github.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="Git" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.docker.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/docker-original-wordmark.svg" alt="Docker" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/css3-original-wordmark.svg" alt="CSS3" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML5" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/html5-original-wordmark.svg" alt="HTML5" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.javascript.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/javascript-original.svg" alt="JavaScript" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.typescriptlang.org/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/typescript-original.svg" alt="TypeScript" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://nestjs.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/nestjs.svg" alt="NestJS" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://nextjs.org/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/nextjs.png" alt="NextJS" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://reactjs.org/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/react-original-wordmark.svg" alt="React" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://vuejs.org/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/vuejs-original-wordmark.svg" alt="Vue.js" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.tailwindcss.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/tailwindcss.svg" alt="Tailwind CSS" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.prisma.io/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/prisma.png" alt="Prisma" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/mongodb-original-wordmark.svg" alt="MongoDB" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.postgresql.org/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/postgresql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="PostgreSQL" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://keras.io/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/keras.png" alt="Keras" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://opencv.org/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/opencv-icon.svg" alt="OpenCV" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://flutter.dev/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/flutterio-icon.svg" alt="Flutter" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.android.com/intl/en_in/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/android-original-wordmark.svg" alt="Android" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://pytorch.org/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/pytorch-icon.svg" alt="pytorch" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.raspberrypi.org/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/raspberrypi.png" alt="Raspberry Pi" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.figma.com/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/figma-icon.svg" alt="Figma" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.blender.org/" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/blender_community_badge_white.svg" alt="Blender" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.adobe.com/in/products/photoshop.html" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/photoshop-plain.svg" alt="Photoshop" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.adobe.com/in/products/illustrator.html" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/adobe_illustrator-icon.svg" alt="Illustrator" height="50" /></a> 
<a href="https://www.adobe.com/in/products/aftereffects.html" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/aftereffects.png" alt="After Effects" height="50" /></a>  
<a href="https://www.adobe.com/in/products/premiere.html" target="_blank"><img style="margin: 10px" src="https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/adobepremierepro.png" alt="Premiere Pro" height="50" /></a>
</div>

</td></tr></table>  

<br/>  

## Languages

<div align="center">
    
![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/c%23-%23239120.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=csharp&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
![Markdown](https://img.shields.io/badge/markdown-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=markdown&logoColor=white)
![Solidity](https://img.shields.io/badge/Solidity-%23363636.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=solidity&logoColor=white)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![YAML](https://img.shields.io/badge/yaml-%23ffffff.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=yaml&logoColor=151515)

</div>

<br/>

## Connect with me

<div align="center">

<a href="https://github.com/GalvareyPoco" target="_blank">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%2324292e.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white alt=github style="margin-bottom: 5px;" />
</a>
<a href="https://gitlab.com/GalvareyPoco" target="_blank">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/gitlab-330F63.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=gitlab&logoColor=white alt=gitlab style="margin-bottom: 5px;" />
</a>
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/GalvareyPoco" target="_blank">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%231E77B5.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white alt=linkedin style="margin-bottom: 5px;" />
</a>
<a href="https://twitter.com/GalvareyPoco" target="_blank">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/twitter-%2300acee.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white alt=twitter style="margin-bottom: 5px;" />
</a>

</div>

<br/>  

## Stats

<table><tr><td valign="middle" width="50%">

<img src="https://gitlab-readme-stats-tawny.vercel.app/api?username=GalvareyPoco&show_icons=true&theme=dark&count_private=true" style="width: 100%" align="center" />

</td><td valign="middle" width="50%">

<img src="https://github-readme-stats-phi-cyan-62.vercel.app/api?username=GalvareyPoco&show_icons=true&count_private=true&count_private=true&theme=dark&combine_remote_and_public=true&hide=stars" style="width: 100%" align="center"/>
<br/>

</td></tr></table>  

## Now Playing

<div align="center"><img src="https://spotify-github-profile.vercel.app/api/view?uid=guillermoraalv&cover_image=true&theme=default&show_offline=false&background_color=121212&interchange=false&bar_color_cover=true" />
</div>

<br/>  

<!--START_SECTION:waka-->
**🐱 My GitHub Data** 

> 📦 80.8 kB Used in GitHub's Storage 
 > 
> 🏆 18 Contributions in the Year 2024
 > 
> 💼 Opted to Hire
 > 
> 📜 8 Public Repositories 
 > 
> 🔑 6 Private Repositories 
 > 
**I'm an Early 🐤** 

```text
🌞 Morning                18 commits          ██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   09.33 % 
🌆 Daytime                110 commits         ██████████████░░░░░░░░░░░   56.99 % 
🌃 Evening                49 commits          ██████░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   25.39 % 
🌙 Night                  16 commits          ██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   08.29 % 
```
📅 **I'm Most Productive on Tuesday** 

```text
Monday                   35 commits          █████░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   18.13 % 
Tuesday                  54 commits          ███████░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   27.98 % 
Wednesday                38 commits          █████░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   19.69 % 
Thursday                 45 commits          ██████░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   23.32 % 
Friday                   18 commits          ██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   09.33 % 
Saturday                 0 commits           ░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   00.00 % 
Sunday                   3 commits           ░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   01.55 % 
```


📊 **This Week I Spent My Time On** 

```text
🕑︎ Time Zone: America/Asuncion

💬 Programming Languages: 
No Activity Tracked This Week

🔥 Editors: 
No Activity Tracked This Week

💻 Operating System: 
No Activity Tracked This Week
```

**I Mostly Code in C#** 

```text
C#                       6 repos             ██████████░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   40.00 % 
JavaScript               4 repos             ███████░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   26.67 % 
ShaderLab                1 repo              ██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   06.67 % 
HTML                     1 repo              ██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   06.67 % 
TypeScript               1 repo              ██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   06.67 % 
```

<div align="center">
    <img src=https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=GalvareyPoco&&style=flat-square align="center"/>
    <a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/galvareypo5" target="_blank" >
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-Buy%20Me%20A%20Coffee-orange.svg?style=flat-square&logo=buymeacoffee" align="center" />
    </a>
</div>

</br>

 Last Updated on 02/01/2024 21:42:41 UTC
<!--END_SECTION:waka-->
